Vegetarian Portobello Mushroom Fajitas
======================================

These Vegetarian Portobello Mushroom Fajitas are a healthy 30 minute meal for
busy nights. You can even get a head start on this recipe by prepping ahead!

Prep Time
---------
22 Minutes

Cook Time
---------
8 Minutes

Ingredients:
------------

- 2 tablespoons olive oil
- 2 tablespoons lime juice
- 2 cloves garlic, minced
- 1/2 jalapeno, ribs and seeds removed, finely chopped
- 1/4 cup chopped cilantro
- 1/4 teaspoon salt
- 1/8 teaspoon pepper
- 2 portobello mushrooms
- 2 bell peppers, sliced into strips
- 1 onion, sliced
- 1 avocado
- 8 tortillas
- 1 can of black beans, rinsed and drained (served on the side; optional)



Preparation:
------------

In a large bowl, whisk together olive oil, lime juice, garlic, jalapeno, cilantro,
salt, and pepper to make the marinade.

Wipe the portobellos with a damp towel. Pull out the stem and use a butter knife
or spoon to scrape out the gills. Slice into 1/2-inch thick slices and add to the
marinade bowl.

Add the sliced bell peppers and onions to the bowl and toss gently with your
hands to combine.

Heat a large pot over medium-high heat. Pour in the vegetables and marinade. Cook,
stirring occasionally, until the vegetables are tender, about 8 minuties.

Meanwhile, pit and peel the avocado. Smash it in a bowl and mix in a little lime
juice and a pinch of salt, if desired.

Serve vegetables in warmed tortillas, with smashed avocado and black beans.

Yield:
------

4 servings.

Source:
-------
[Kristine's Kitchen](https://kristineskitchenblog.com/vegetarian-portobello-mushroom-fajitas/)